List of issues found that can be worked on

1: GameView.cs has too much logic and should be restructured.

2: Dimes are spawing when the coin slots are empty, even if the game is freshly launched. 
2.1: Coin slots allow for both to have dimes in them.
2.2: You can still get quarters and dimes and insert them when there is a dime in the coin return.
2.3: Inserting a quarter will only count the first quarter inserted, afterwards the "Insert Coin" label will be stuck at "Insert Coin X1"
2.4: Bounding box on coins is a tad bit too large, spanning from the left corner of the screen to the center of the joystick, and fom the base
of the tank to the bottom of the joystick base. 
2.5: The coins also will clip into the game screen, causing up to half of the coin to be overwritten with the start screen. After hovering 
the mouse over the game's form the coin will be stuck in place until the mouse is out of the game's form.

3: Bullets will cause a line of bullets when the space bar is held down, until the left or right arrow keys are pressed.
3.1: This works while moving. To perform this, hold down a valid directional key and hold space. This does not occur when the space bar is held
then a directional key is pressed.
3.2 Bullets are being erased too high, currently the bullets will go behind the text labels at the top.

4: Score on the main screen seems to be high scores, but isn't noted as such.

5: Once you are in the game you cannot exit the game unless you restart the game, regardless on the number of credits in the machine.
5.1: High scores are getting added to the system, but they aren't visable until the game is restarted due to this.
5.2: They have a timer to blink the game over message, but after the message is finished the game is stuck on the ghosts.

6: Only valid controls are left arrow, right arrow, and space. This could be expanded on.

7: We can expand on some of the tests. Currently some of the classes are not tested fully. These are: Bullet.cs and SpaceShip.cs. Bullet.cs is
missing a test to check that each bullet type is working properly, and SpaceShip.cs is missing a test for the initial construction of the
ship.
7.1: JoyStickTests seems to be completely arbitrary, with it only consisting of setters and getters being tested.

8: The alien bullets can graze through the side of the shield without the bullet being caught by the shield. This has been seen on the left side 
of the shields

9: Holding a coin will cause the ship and aliens to freeze when a direction is held down. The length of how far they will move varies, but
it's within the range of 1/8 to 1/4 of the screen This issue is worsened when the mouse pointer is moving with the coin, as new issues will 
arise. The effects below will be noted on wheater they occur when the cursor is moving with the coin or not.
9.2: Only affects the left or right movements when pointer is still with coin.
9.3: Bullets and all movements will freeze if pointer is moving with coin, but the joystick will still update properly.
9.4: The coin will lag following the cursor when there is a held movement key.
9.5: The above effects with the moving cursor (10.3, 10.4) do not occur when the cursor is over the game form, even if there is a coin drawn.
9.6: Sometimes 10 will occur even after the held coin is inserted into the slot, in this case the game will lag until restarted.

10: The aliens, space ship, and bullets are never reset upon reaching a new level. This causes the last level's bullets to kill the current 
level's aliens upon the aliens spawning, the space ship to never be recentered upon reaching a new level, and no time break between entering
a new level.

11: There is no notification of the space ship being hit by a bullet other than the lives counter at the top being reduced by 1 until a
game over is reached.

12: The speed of the ghosts are constant. We could make an adjustable speed. 